previously on Pretty Little Liars it's
my turn to torture you what's that it's
a box of Ali's things Jason found out he
gave it to me but you're afraid you
found something something in this box
cellphone yeah Kokila he's the best way
that we can get information I don't
leave him out of this 80 club Jason
DiLaurentis 1/18 Karen Oh any teeth we
see all know broke up with me and I
don't even know why maybe you went out
with the wrong person tonight I saw the
way you looked at him before the show
well my mom gets here can you not
mention this term as long as you promise
to do the same I know that you want
answers but it's just still not safe
then why did you come here shutting you
out is killing me
the owner shut down the phone are you
sure you want me to work on this yes
Hannah because all of our suspects in
the same place at the same time in
Alison's room talking about how much
they hated her I don't know why we just
don't hand the drive to the police we
should be closing things not opening
that's what's been in here my turn to
torture you
that's creepy you think you're safe on
the outside but you're not when I'm on
the inside it's scared yet you should be
bitch these sounds are gonna sound
familiar
next time it'll be your face not this
pumpkin because it was cut by something
it was
don't you guys remember Halloween
I've never been this way before but
galleys and backyards have always been
the best way to my house your sister and
Ian are so cute together do you think
look at Mary I guess so they seem
perfect for each other
yeah perfectly bored at least somewhat
trashed your porch
to help
what does the note say who did this
Jason's beer buddies real funny
I better get going
yeah what's the hurry let's make a night
of it
it's already been kind of a long night
look I'm sorry about the prank I know I
took it too far
let me make it up to you guys
next time I'll be your face not this
pumpkin thousand o tharallah God
this is an invitation from an old Kahn's
Halloween pretty stiff my memories of
that night getting me scare you I've
just noticed iron by egg
he was after Allison tune before they
were after us